> [!IMPORTANT] 
> The *MaxClicks*, *MaxConversions*, and *TargetCpa* bid strategy types are available in several markets (For more details, see [Budget and Bid Strategies](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/bing-ads-budget-and-bid-strategies.aspx).)  If the campaign bid strategy type is set to *MaxClicks*, *MaxConversions*, or *TargetCpa*, the behavior of existing features will change unless you set an individual ad group’s or keyword’s bid strategy to *ManualCpc*.  
> -  You can continue to set the ad group and keyword bids; however they will not be used by Bing Ads.
> -  Bing Ads will periodically change your stored ad group or keyword bid settings. You can continue to set new bids, however Bing Ads may change them at any time using this bid strategy type.
> -  You can continue to set bid adjustments e.g. for age, gender, or location; however with one exception they will not be used by Bing Ads. Bing Ads will not honor any bid adjustments, unless you have set a bid adjustment of -100% (opt out).
> -  Whether you chose the *DailyBudgetAccelerated* or *DailyBudgetStandard* budget type, Bing Ads will use the *DailyBudgetStandard* budget type. 
> 
> Also note that you must have conversion tracking (a UET tag and a conversion goal) set up for the *EnhancedCpc*, *MaxConversions*, and *TargetCpa* bid strategy types to work. See [Universal Event Tracking](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/bing-ads-universal-event-tracking.aspx) for more information.
> 
> To set the *MaxConversions* or *TargetCpa* bid strategy types, the campaign must have at least 15 conversions in the last 30 days. If you try to add or update a campaign to use one of these strategy types, the requested operation will fail if there is not enough conversion history. If an active campaign uses one of these bid strategy types, and then ceases to meet the minimum conversion history requirement at any time, Bing Ads will stop auto bidding but will continue to use the *DailyBudgetStandard* budget type. For a new campaign we recommend that you start with *EnhancedCpc* and then when the campaign has enough conversion history, you can update it to use either the *MaxConversions* or *TargetCpa* bid strategy.